So how will we use this?
Create a Datetimeindex that stores
the dates which are the last business day of each month.
So that's what we just did above.
We have the last business day of each month.
We can use this function.isin and pass in these last days of
the month to check if that particular date
in the all factors DataFrame is the last business day of the month or is not.
So that returns a series of trues and falses.
Then the last thing is we're just convert those Booleans into integers.
So here's an example.
We created this series of dates which are the last business days of the month,
and then from our data here, all_factors.index.get_level_values.
So here are the dates, here's the Datetimeindex.
We want to check if it's in the last day of a month series.
If it is, then it's going to return true, otherwise false.
So you can see here we have an array of Booleans,
and then we're just going to convert those Booleans into integers.
Go ahead, and in this case,
we can store that as another column in our DataFrame.
Okay. So we're going to do something very similar to get the start of the month,
and the hint here is that the frequency is
BMS which you can also find when you look at the documentation.
BMS stands for Business Months Start frequency.
You'll do something quite similar with quarters as well.
So the hint here is to use BQ for the last business day of the quarter,
and BQS for the first business day of the quarter.
So, again, you'll store these features as columns in the DataFrame.
Once you're done, just take a look at all of the columns that you have.
Here, we're just going to be
setting a list that contains all the features that we want to use.
So go ahead and try this out,
and when you're done please check out the solution video. Thanks.